pages/CFT.md, before:

{{{
  "title": "Call For Talks",
  "template": "message"
}}}

Redbrick are looking for people to come and talk to our members, and we’d like to hear from you! We’d like people to come and talk to us about all aspects of software engineering, operations, networking, or anything that you’re passionate about. Some talks we’ve had in the past that we’ve enjoyed have included:

  - Security
  - Internet of Things (IoT)
  - Virtualisation
  - Mobile Development
  - Development tools
  - Web Design
  - Distributed Systems
  - Open Source Software
  - Networking
  - Linux
  - Hardware
  - Frameworks

###### What we want?
We want people to come and talk to us! We’d love to hear about any relevant topic that you’re passionate about, or want to spread the word about. We’re open to any ideas, so if you think that you have an idea for a talk, just email us at committee@redbrick.dcu.ie with a short description and we’ll see what we can organise.

We hold weekly tutorials and talks, usually run by members of the committee, but often by our associate members (former students and staff of DCU) and other people from the industry.

Since we’re a college society, we tend to try organise talks during the semester, and to work around lecture schedules. Typically this is from September to December, and February to June. We normally meet on Monday/Tuesday/Thursday between 4 and 6pm, or on Wednesday between 2 and 5pm. We’re flexible though, so don’t let that put you off!

###### Who are we?
Redbrick is the Computer Networking society in DCU. We started in 1996, and since then we’ve been building a community of members with a common interest: All things tech. We aim to make a great environment to learn new skills and technologies and to meet other people with a common interest.

Commit message:

Updating CFT page to be techweek specific

pages/CFT.md, after:

{{{
  "title": "Call For Talks",
  "template": "message"
}}}


Once again Redbrick are organising Techweek and are looking for people to come and talk to our members, and we’d like to hear from you! Talks we’ve had in the past can be found at techweek.dcu.ie.
This year we are looking for talks that fit the following themes.

  - Security (15/03/17)
  - Mobile Development (22/03/2017)
  - Development tools (29/03/2017)

###### What we want?
We want people to come and talk to us! We’d love to hear about any relevant topic that you’re passionate about, or want to spread the word about. We’re open to any ideas so if you have a talk that doesnt fit these themes but you want to give it anyway let us know and we will organise something with you. Because the format of Techweek is a bit different this year we are looking for speakers to come in on  Wednesday the 15th, 22nd and 29th at 3,4 or 5pm. So if you think that you have an idea for a talk/workshop/story/demo, just email us at committee@redbrick.dcu.ie with a short description and we’ll see what we can organise.

###### Who are we?
Redbrick is the Computer Networking society in DCU. We started in 1996, and since then we’ve been building a community of members with a common interest: All things tech. We aim to make a great environment to learn new skills and technologies and to meet other people with a common interest.
